# Work2
 Android app
The app I that I made for this assignment is a simple native android app that uses the Kotlin programming language. The app is used to display a celebrity or well known historical figure that has passed away at a specific age. The user will input their current age or the ages of their friends or family or they can choose any of the ages on option. Once the user chooses an age to use they will then be prompted with the instruction to do research on that specific historical figure or celebrity. An example of what the user will choose is “AGE56”. An example of what the app will display I “You should do research on Adolf Hitler”. If a user selects an age that is below 20 years of age and higher than 100 years of age, the app will display a message stating that there are no records of historical figure or celebrity on the apps system. 
The apps user interface is a simple and easy to use interface that consists of two identical images, a generate button, a spinner with all the age options that a user may choose from, and the user interface has a display text.
To get the information I needed to make the app I used a website called “The Famous People” to find well know people that had died at the ages of twenty years of age to one hundred years of age. A good majority of the people that will be displayed on the app are very well known already and not much research will need to be done with them. Other people that will be displayed are less known but still have had an impact in history. With the less known historical figures more research will need to be done to understand who they are and what the have done during their life time.
The spinner used in the app has 82 options for ages for a user to choose from and each age to choose from has one celebrity or historical figure to choose from to do research on.
I used Github to submit the app and document changes to the code that were made overtime.
To see a tutorial see https://youtu.be/XfvBtAm0Xco
